The results from the Uc=Ub line computations from this week-end have allowed me to make nice fits of the oscillation frequencies dependence on U.
Asymptotic current seems to converge to not quite 0 above U = 1 .
Behavior is independent of system size, even the size of the area affected by the low frequency oscillations
seems to remain constant at about 10 sites. It seems that the low frequency oscillations are "pooped out" by the curvature
that joins the two light cone edges, hence the constant size independently of system size.

It seems that I have pretty much investigated what I could investigate on the Uc=Ub line. Let's now try to see behavior
On the Horizontal line Ub = 0.2 to see if the scaling of the currents departs in some way from the Ub = 0 results.

Behavior at Ub = 0.2 is hard to distinguish from Ub = 0 for two reasons : departure from the uninteracting phase transition
is slight if it exists, and Fidelities grow rapidly due to high entanglement in this regime, limiting the accuracy of the 
results and preventing reliable scaling analysis. Another issue is that I do not have the data for Ub=0 aside for the 0.5 and 1.1
points.

Similar issue occur at Ub = 0.5, but perhaps the difference is marked enough to be measurable even with crappy simulations.
To investigate it would require to go to bond dimension 400 or even higher, and that gets stupid expensive quick.

Another avenue would be to investigate a vertical line in the isolating phase, say Uc = 1.2 , to try to better undesrtand the nature of the
Uc=Ub > J phase : it seems to be scale invariant, but is it just isolating with a dramaticaly strong coefficient, or is it some kind of
ballistic current going to 0 ? If there is a phase transition, as there seems to be, where does it occur? Is the new phase only located on the Uc=Ub
line ?

On the subject of the Ub=Uc oscillations analysis, it is necessary to confirm that they are a universal feature that resists rescaling and not a finite
size effect. For this, the scaling of the area affected by the different oscillations as well as of the oscillation amplitude relative to current value must
be performed.

Analysis of the Fourier transform of the unnormalized signal seems impossible due to the massive sinc ripples from the 0 frequency peak.
Either do some kind of windowing, or compare the amplitudes on the graph.
The good news is that slow oscillations do not need this as mean is already pretty much 0.
Also, it would be interesting to study the scaling of the boundary region (steepness of the magnetization step function) to compare with the scale invariance of the
soliton candidate.

Investigating Uc = 1.2 line and very long time soliton amplitude for Nc = 20,50, Nb = 250;